Docs: Add "React peer dependency is no longer required" section to addon migration guide (#25826)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/addons/addon-migration-guide.md

UI injected into panels, tools, etc. by addons is now rendered with React 18. Also note that the `key` prop is no longer passed to the render function.

> ### React peer dependency is no longer required

Reviewer: @vanessayuenn, when you have a moment, can you adjust this section to include a mention for users who are using an outdated version of the addon kit that was pre-tsup to reach out to us via our communication channels (e.g., GitHub discussions) as we don't have a direct path for such cases?

Author: see this [comment](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/pull/25826/files#r1488518864)

UI injected into panels, tools, etc. by addons is now rendered with React 18. Also note that the `key` prop is no longer passed to the render function.

### React peer dependency is no longer required

To remove your addon's peer dependency on React, and reduce its install size, do the following:

1. Move `react`, `react-dom` and the globalized Storybook packages from `peerDependencies` to `devDependencies`
2. Add the list of globalized packages to the `externals` property in the `tsup` configuration, to ensure they are not part of the bundle.

For an example, see [the updates we've made to the addon-kit](https://github.com/storybookjs/addon-kit/pull/60/files#diff-8fed899bdbc24789a7bb4973574e624ed6207c6ce572338bc3c3e117672b2a20). These changes are optional but recommended.

> Note: This assumes your addon is using tsup for bundling. If your addon was built with an older version of addon-kit that uses Babel for bundling, you have to first switch to tsup. For guidance, explore these [older changes implemented in the addon-kit](https://github.com/storybookjs/addon-kit/pull/45/files).

Author: @jonniebigodes I added this line here for pre-tsup addon authors. Does this address your concern?

Reviewer: It works for me, but we can do a bit better and wrap the "Note:" in a callout, turning this into:

```md
To remove your addon's peer dependency on React, and reduce its install size, do the following:

1. Move `react`, `react-dom` and the globalized Storybook packages from `peerDependencies` to `devDependencies`
2. Add the list of globalized packages to the `externals` property in the `tsup` configuration, to ensure they are not part of the bundle.

For an example, see [the updates we've made to the addon-kit](https://github.com/storybookjs/addon-kit/pull/60/files#diff-8fed899bdbc24789a7bb4973574e624ed6207c6ce572338bc3c3e117672b2a20). These changes are optional but recommended.

<Callout variant="info">

This assumes your addon is using tsup for bundling. If your addon was built with an older version of addon-kit that uses Babel for bundling, you have to first switch to tsup. For guidance, explore these [older changes implemented in the addon-kit](https://github.com/storybookjs/addon-kit/pull/45/files).

</Callout>
```

Author: ```suggestion
<Callout variant="info"> 

This assumes your addon is using tsup for bundling. If your addon was built with an older version of addon-kit that uses Babel for bundling, you have to first switch to tsup. For guidance, explore these [older changes implemented in the addon-kit](https://github.com/storybookjs/addon-kit/pull/45/files). 

</Callout>
```

npx storybook@latest add @storybook/addon-webpack5-compiler-babel
```

> ## Migration Example
> 
> [The Addon Kit repository](https://github.com/storybookjs/addon-kit) has been migrated to support Storybook 8.0, and you can use that as a real-world example to guide your migration. The migration incorporates most of the changes listed above, including migrating the package to ESM with `type: module`. Migrating to ESM is not necessary but we recommend it as it simplifes some of the setup. If you follow the ESM migration below and update your export map in `package.json`, you can safely remove any `manager.js`, `preview.js` and `preset.js` files from the root directory.
> 
> [This complete diff view](https://github.com/storybookjs/addon-kit/compare/79282986..cf0875f) shows everything changed between 7.0 and 8.0, but not all of it is relevant for your migration. You can specifically focus on:
> 
> - [`package.json`](https://github.com/storybookjs/addon-kit/compare/79282986..cf0875f#diff-7ae45ad102eab3b6d7e7896acd08c427a9b25b346470d7bc6507b6481575d519): Updating dependencies, moving to ESM, updating entries
> - [tsup.config.ts](https://github.com/storybookjs/addon-kit/compare/79282986..cf0875f#diff-8fed899bdbc24789a7bb4973574e624ed6207c6ce572338bc3c3e117672b2a20): Updating bundling strategy to take advantage of Storybook globals.
> - [`.storybook/local-preset.js`](https://github.com/storybookjs/addon-kit/compare/79282986..cf0875f#diff-390b53ea479b1ceffcbf31944f644ee23aa9f337b75a8a0ffd815bed50d376cb): Supporting the ESM migration.

Reviewer: @JReinhold, When you have a moment, please address this to the suggestion below, as this entire section still required a bit of work before this was merged.

```suggestion
## Migration Example

The Addon Kit [repository](https://github.com/storybookjs/addon-kit) has already been updated to support Storybook 8.0, and you can use it as a reference for your migration. You'll see the changes mentioned in this guide, including ESM support via the `type: module` configuration. As an addon maintainer, we encourage you to update your addon to include them. It simplifies the setup and makes it easier for users to use your addon with the latest version of Storybook. If you choose to follow along with the ESM migration, we've prepared an abbreviated list of changes below.

- [`package.json`](https://github.com/storybookjs/addon-kit/compare/79282986..cf0875f#diff-7ae45ad102eab3b6d7e7896acd08c427a9b25b346470d7bc6507b6481575d519) for dependencies management, ESM support and updates to the addon's entry points.
- [`tsup.config.ts`](https://github.com/storybookjs/addon-kit/compare/79282986..cf0875f#diff-8fed899bdbc24789a7bb4973574e624ed6207c6ce572338bc3c3e117672b2a2) for bundling changes, factoring in Storybook's globals.
- [`.storybook/local-preset.js`](https://github.com/storybookjs/addon-kit/compare/79282986..cf0875f#diff-390b53ea479b1ceffcbf31944f644ee23aa9f337b75a8a0ffd815bed50d376cb) to support the ESM migration.

<Callout variant="info" icon="💡">

If you migrate your addon to support ESM, you can safely remove any `manager.js`, `preview.js`, and `preset.js` files from the addon's root directory. For a complete overview of the changes applied to the Addon Kit to fully support Storybook 8.0, see the following [diff view](https://github.com/storybookjs/addon-kit/compare/79282986..cf0875f).

</Callout>
```
